Remove a lot of mentions of JavaScript versions (#19448)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/data_structures/index.md

> 

Reviewer: One line above, there is _introduced in ECMScript Edition 6_ that can be removed.

The difference between `Map`s and `WeakMap`s is that in the former, object keys can be enumerated over. This allows garbage collection optimizations in the latter case.

> One could implement `Map`s and `Set`s in userland. However, since objects cannot be compared (in the sense of `<` "less than", for instance), neither does the engine expose its hash function for objects, look-up performance would necessarily be linear. Native implementations of them (including `WeakMap`s) can have look-up performance that is approximately logarithmic to constant time.

Reviewer: I had to think about the meaning of _userland_. So let's try something different.
```suggestion
You could implement `Map`s and `Set`s yourself. However, since objects cannot be compared (in the sense of `<` "less than", for instance), neither does the engine expose its hash function for objects, look-up performance would necessarily be linear. Native implementations of them (including `WeakMap`s) can have look-up performance that is approximately logarithmic to constant time.
```
